chore: 8.8 alpha release notes (#20012)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes.md

## Opentrons Robot Software Changes in 8.8.0

Welcome to the v8.8.0 release of the Opentrons robot software! This release includes concurrent module actions, dynamic liquid tracking at the meniscus, and other new features.  

### New Features

- Use new non-blocking commands to control multiple modules and complete pipetting actions simultaneously: 
    - `set_shake_speed` to control the Heater-Shaker Module's shake speed
    - `start_set_temperature` to set a temperature for the Temperature Module 
    - `start_set_lid_temperature` and ``start_set_block_temperature`` to control the Thermocycler Module's lid and block temperature
    - `start_execute_profile` to run a profile on the Thermocycler Module. 

    Each non-blocking command returns a task. Use the new `wait_for_tasks` method to control when your protocol moves to the next step. 
-  Dynamic liquid tracking lets you aspirate, dispense, or mix at the liquid meniscus. Flex pipettes can track the liquid meniscus as its position changes during a pipetting action. 
- Capture images of the Flex or OT-2 deck during a protocol using the new `capture_image` command. 

> - Choose where your Flex pipette will select a new tip in a `transfer_with_liquid_class` command. 

Reviewer: This is fine, especially for alpha. But I've generally tried to leave mentions of specific API methods to the API docs, favoring descriptions of the features instead.

```suggestion
- Use new non-blocking commands for the Heater-Shaker, Temperature, and Thermocycler Modules. These commands can control multiple modules and complete pipetting actions simultaneously.
-  Dynamic liquid tracking lets you aspirate, dispense, or mix at the liquid meniscus. Flex pipettes can track the liquid meniscus as its position changes during a pipetting action. 
- Capture images of the Flex or OT-2 deck during a protocol. 
- Choose where your Flex pipette will select a new tip when performing a transfer with a liquid class. 
```
